DOC-4214 added troubleshooting page (#631)
redis/docs: content/integrate/redis-data-integration/ingest/troubleshooting.md

aliases: null
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- integrate
- rs
- rdi
description: Solve and report simple problems with RDI ingest
group: di
hideListLinks: false
linkTitle: Troubleshooting
summary: Redis Data Integration keeps Redis in sync with the primary database in near
  real time.
type: integration
weight: 50
---

The following sections explain how you can get extra information from
RDI to help you solve problems that you may encounter. Redis support may
also ask you to provide this information if you need to contact them.

## Debug information during installation {#install-debug}

If the installer fails with an error then try installing again with the
log level set to `DEBUG`:

```bash
./install.sh -l DEBUG   # Installer script
redis-di install -l DEBUG    # Install command
```

This gives you more detail about the installation steps and can often
help you to pinpoint the source of the error.

## RDI logs

By default, RDI records the following logs in the host VM file system at
`/opt/rdi/logs` (or whichever path you specified during installation);

| Filename | Phase |
| :-- | :-- |
| `rdi_collector-collector-initializer.log` | Initializing the Debezium collector. |

> | `rdi_collector-debezium-ssl-init.log` | Establishing the Debezium SSL connections to the source and RDI database (if you are using SSL). |

Reviewer: Debezium -> Collector

Author: Fixed.

> | `rdi_collector-collector-source.log` | Debezium [change data capture (CDC)]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/ingest/architecture" >}}) operations. |

Reviewer: Debezium -> RDI Collector
In Architecture I think it's all explained

> | `rdi_rdi-rdi-operator.log` | RDI and Kubernetes deployment. |

Reviewer: RDI operator - the RDI control plane main component

Author: Fixed.

| `rdi_processor-processor.log` | RDI stream processing. |

Logs are recorded at the minimum `INFO` level in a simple format that
log analysis tools can use.

> {{< note >}}Sometimes the Debezium collector source log will contain a message saying that RDI is out of

Reviewer: Often during initial sync phase the source collector log will...

Author: Fixed.

---
Title: Ingest troubleshooting
aliases: null
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- integrate
- rs
- rdi
description: Solve and report simple problems with RDI ingest
group: di
hideListLinks: false
linkTitle: Troubleshooting
summary: Redis Data Integration keeps Redis in sync with the primary database in near
  real time.
type: integration
weight: 50
---

The following sections explain how you can get extra information from

> RDI to help you solve problems that you may encounter. Redis support may

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Redis Data Integration (RDI) to help you solve problems that you may encounter. Redis support may
```
You want to define acronyms on first use in each article.

> also ask you to provide this information if you need to contact them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
also ask you to provide this information to help you resolve issues.
```

## Debug information during installation {#install-debug}

> If the installer fails with an error then try installing again with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the installer fails with an error, then try installing again with the
```

redis-di install -l DEBUG    # Install command
```

This gives you more detail about the installation steps and can often
help you to pinpoint the source of the error.

## RDI logs

By default, RDI records the following logs in the host VM file system at
`/opt/rdi/logs` (or whichever path you specified during installation);

| Filename | Phase |
| :-- | :-- |
| `rdi_collector-collector-initializer.log` | Initializing the collector. |
| `rdi_collector-debezium-ssl-init.log` | Establishing the connector SSL connections to the source and RDI database (if you are using SSL). |
| `rdi_collector-collector-source.log` | Collector [change data capture (CDC)]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/ingest/architecture" >}}) operations. |
| `rdi_rdi-rdi-operator.log` | Main [RDI control plane]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/ingest/architecture#how-rdi-is-deployed" >}}) component. |
| `rdi_processor-processor.log` | RDI stream processing. |

Logs are recorded at the minimum `INFO` level in a simple format that
log analysis tools can use.

{{< note >}}Often during the initial sync phase, the collector source log will contain a message

> saying that RDI is out of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
saying RDI is out of
```

memory. This is not an error but an informative message to say that RDI
is applying *backpressure* to the collector. See
[Backpressure mechanism]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/ingest/architecture#backpressure-mechanism" >}})
in the Architecture guide for more information.
{{< /note >}}

## Dump support package

> If you ever need to send a comprehensive set of forensics data to Redis support then you should

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to send a comprehensive set of forensics data to Redis support,
```
